OneDrive is a useful resource
for storing files that you want
to share or distribute to
others.
Even with the default amount of
storage space you get with a
free OneDrive account, you can
share much larger files than you
could by sending them over
e-mail.
Sharing a file with others from
OneDrive is a simle matter of
generating a link that you can
send to them tart by selecting
the file you want to share from
your file list.
Then in the toolbar, click the
Share button.
In this Send link area that
opens, you can enter the e-mail
addresses of the people you want
to share the file with to have
Microsoft automatically send an
e-mail with a link to that file
when you click Send.
Alternately, you can generate a
link by clicking Copy Link, and
that creates a link you can copy
to your cliboard by clicking
Copy, and then you're free to
paste that address into an
e-mail you're composing
yourself, or into an instant
messaging program, or a webage
you're ublishing, and so on.
For example, I've already
started composing an e-mail
message in Microsoft Outlook.
Here I'll just rightclick and
choose aste to aste in that
address, and once I'm done, I
can click Send to send the
e-mail containing this link, and
my recipient will be able to
click that link to download the
file to her own computer.
O Let's look at how easy it is
to share files from OneDrive.